Update index.md or the home page of documentation (#29)
physiopy/physiopy.github.io: docs/index.md

# Home

> Welcome to the main documentation site for the physiopy community and python package! Please also check out the package's [Github Page](https://github.com/physiopy). For questions, you can always contact the project leader Stefano Moia at physiopy@gmail.com. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the main documentation site for the physiopy community and python package! Please also check out the package's [Github Page](https://github.com/physiopy). For questions, you can always contact the project manager at [physiopy@gmail.com](mailto:physiopy@gmail.com). 
```

<p align="center">
<img src="https://github.com/physiopy/phys2bids/blob/master/docs/_static/physiopy_logo_1280x640.png?raw=true" width="400">
</p>

## Who are we?

> We are the physiopy development team consisting of an international group of volunteers. You can learn more about us by clicking on the *Community* tab. Contributions are also very much welcomed, see the *Contributors* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are the physiopy development team consisting of an international group of volunteers. You can learn more about us by visiting the [*Community*](/community/index) page. Contributions are also very much welcomed! Check out the [*Contributors*](/community/contributor-guide) tab.
```

## What is the importance of physiological data collection and its impact on MRI?

> Physiological data provides the representation of the particpant with respect to extention of bodily information (i.e., heart rates, respiratory rate, skin conductance etc.). Monitoring one's physiological activity helps us understand the percerption of cognition, emotion, motivation etc. Additionaly, physiological data is a key component in understanding physiological sources of signal variance in fMRI data. Collecting these data helps to provide more accurate models of fMRI time-series. It also provides a real-time method to monitor subjects during scanning. See "Best Practices" section for recommendations from key personnel in the field on physiological data collection and analysis. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Physiological data provides the representation of the participant with respect to extension of bodily information (i.e., heart rates, respiratory rate, skin conductance etc.). Monitoring one's physiological activity helps us understand the percerption of cognition, emotion, motivation etc. Additionaly, physiological data is a key component in understanding physiological sources of signal variance in fMRI data. Collecting these data helps to provide more accurate models of fMRI time-series. It also provides a real-time method to monitor subjects during scanning. See the [*Best Practices* section](/best-practices) for recommendations from key personnel in the field on physiological data collection and analysis. 
```
